um hello i'm emma freud this is Jack
Monroe extraordinary cook person who's
invented three recipes for food so this
is the Pisces event it's called leftover
pies called pie of pies I made it
yesterday I'm washing it today it's got
a double puff not because I was trying
to be clever but just because after one
wrapping in puff pastry it looked like a
present at someone of mold on Christmas
morning and then put back under the tree
oh my chin it's like two layers to keep
together okay here's a question
it's very Thank You senator a twenty
kilos it doesn't weigh this okay no I
gave you half of the original restaurant
is that the original was a roasting dish
[Music]
okay it's going in at 200 yet for over
40 minutes 200 for about 20 minutes just
to get the 40 minutes have elapsed it's
pie out the oven time are we ready I'm
ready
okay it probably needs how much do you
want to cut it no I know I'm doing it
that how much do you want - oh I've been
dying - its fear in the hole this is a
completely unusual scenario for me but I
could get used to it okay should we cut
it in the middle - because at the end we
got at the end is what we're gonna have
it with by the way better ketchup oh
it's so itself sizzling oh you're right
about serrated knife oh yeah I use a
bread knife for everything just remind
me what the layers are in here pretty
much nothing turkey and chicken breast
inside sausage resource it's oozing yes
oh come on look at that and there you've
done this justice actually I think we
need to put it on a wooden board don't
you not want to play oh that's what you
want it like up close and personal Peggy
so like it birthing itself you invented
that I how did you make it work how can
it know it's basically five dreams tell
me the truth here do you ever invent a
recipe in your head write it down and
because you know it's gonna work and not
actually bothered to make it you know if
I force everything it in no I like food
so if I get every opportunity that I can
to eat food okay if it's just a tweak on
an old recipe like I've done it salmon
paste the salmon or something nice and
I'm just like having the excuse
are you ready how many do I pretend to
serve thank you should be like Jesus
polish you take a couple of leftovers
and you feed 5,000 people exactly oh
look all about your half of it do you
know also I feel that needed that little
moment that pause to sort of come
together guys do that yeah grass yeah
but mustard one else outsourcing self
sorting my master will be lucky that
must give you everything booty for the
other bid you adieu Jean girl ok I'm
moving in you ready this still make you
excited when you invent something yeah
it's made when someone eats it and
someone who isn't you loves it yeah
absolutely absolutely I just it it gives
me such genuine pleasure absolutely my
been with greekcypriot jeans but to like
feed people and people to enjoy it and
appreciate it it's not it's good so so
that's it I'm Emma that's Jack Isis the
PI PI's the queen of pies king of pyres
everything you could ever need in the
world in pie pie Paul fantastic
I know you were later than me yeah there
we go
let's that's it